add lnbits docs to deployment FAQ (#1361)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/FAQ/Deployment.md

Notice: If your BTCPay Server install has more than one domain (for example `WOOCOMMERCE_HOST` or `BTCPAY_ADDITIONAL_HOSTS`) you will need to modify your config for each domain name. The example above only covers 1 domain name called `btcpay.domain.com`.

### How can I deploy LNbits alongside BTCPay Server?

Because of limitations of LNbits itself, you need a seperate (sub-) domain to deploy LNbits to. Before executing the following steps, please create an A (and optional AAAA) DNS Record for your desired LNbits subdomain in your DNS server or at your domain registrar.

Replace lnbits.domain.tld with your own chosen domain, also make sure that this domain resolves to your server's IP correctly.

> Please also insure that you are running either LND or C-Lightning, as lnbits depends on one of them being present.

Author: ```suggestion
Please also make sure that you are running either LND or C-Lightning, as lnbits depends on one of them being present.
```

> - Run `docker exec -ti $(docker ps -a -q -f "name=postgres_1") psql -U postgres`

Author: ```suggestion
- Before running the commands below, make sure you are root, by running: `sudo su -`
- Run `docker exec -ti $(docker ps -a -q -f "name=postgres_1") psql -U postgres`
```
